Add AppVeyor pull request previews (#262)
manubot/rootstock: SETUP.md

If updating `master` via a pull request, proceed to push the commit to GitHub and open a pull request.
Once the pull request is ready to merge, use GitHub's "Create a merge commit" option rather than "Squash and merge" or "Rebase and merge" to preserve the rootstock commit hashes.

# Previewing pull request builds with AppVeyor

You can optionally enable AppVeyor continuous integration to view pull request builds.
Unlike Travis CI, AppVeyor supports storing manuscripts generated during pull request builds as artifacts.
These can be previewed to facilitate pull request review and ensure formatting and reference changes render as expected.
When a pull request build runs successfully, the AppVeyorBot will post a notification in the pull request linking to the versioned manuscript PDF.

To enable AppVeyor, follow steps 1 and 2 of the [AppVeyor welcome](https://www.appveyor.com/docs/) to sign in to AppVeyor and add your manuscript repository as an AppVeyor project.
The repository already contains an `.appveyor.yml` build configuration file, so no other setup is required.

> AppVeyor is configured to only run when the files in the `content` directory are modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AppVeyor only runs when it detects changes that are likely to effect the manuscript.
```
